docs: Updating homepage to new model for 26.04 (#36)
canonical/chisel-docs: docs/index.md

[Slice a package](how-to/slice-a-package/) • 
[Use Chisel in Dockerfile](how-to/use-chisel-in-dockerfile) • 
[CLI reference](reference/cmd/index) 
    
* **Slices**: [Learn more about slices](explanation/slices) • 
[Chisel releases](reference/chisel-releases/index) • 
[chisel.yaml](reference/chisel-releases/chisel.yaml) •
[Slice definitions](reference/chisel-releases/slice-definitions) • 
[Install Ubuntu Pro package slices](how-to/install-pro-package-slices)

---------

## How this documentation is organized

This documentation uses the [Diátaxis documentation structure](https://diataxis.fr/).

- The [Tutorial](tutorial/getting-started) takes you step-by-step 
through the creation of your first chiseled Ubuntu root file system, from installation to the slicing of Ubuntu 
packages.
- [How-to guides](how-to/index) assume you have basic familiarity with 
Chisel. They cover tasks such as installation, slicing and usage of Chisel. 
- [Reference](reference/index) provides a guide to CLI commands, 
chisel-releases and security details.
- [Explanation](explanation/index) includes topic overviews, background 
and context and detailed discussion.

---------

## Project and community

> Chisel is a member of the Ubuntu family. It’s an open source project that warmly welcomes community contributions in the form of new content, fixes, and suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chisel is a member of the Ubuntu family. It’s an open source project that warmly welcomes [community contributions](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/project/contributors/).
```

# Chisel

**Chisel** is a developer tool for extracting well-defined portions ({{package_slices}}) of Ubuntu packages to create 
compact, secure container images.

> Chisel extracts specialized slices and only installs the necessary files from Ubuntu packages.

Reviewer: This sentence reads a bit weird to me :/

I guess it's a rephrase of "Chisel is able to extract a highly customised and specialised _Slice_ of the Ubuntu distribution", but the latter reads much well because it uses the word "Slice" to convey the end result, while alluding of the concept of package slices.

What's wrong with the existing phrasing?

Author: I have removed the sentence as it is a repetition of the one above. I have used the old wording for the first sentence in the page and moved parts of this sentence to another section. There is nothing wrong with the existing phrasing, I chose to reword it to make it more clear.

> Application creators need to be able to ship container images suited to their specific needs with a reduced attack 

Reviewer: same comment as above -> we shouldn't make Chisel domain-specific. 

Chisel is for slices, what apt is for debs: a sw pkg manager. It can be any software (today just debs, but that's a technicality), and for any purpose (a container, a snap, etc.)

surface and a small storage footprint . With Chisel, users can build a minimal root filesystem for each image by 
selecting only the necessary components from the full Ubuntu package set.

It operates similarly to a package manager, but for package slices, thus being particularly useful for supporting 
developers in the creation of hardened, tailored and fully functional container images.

Read more about [Chisel’s approach to security](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/reference/security/).

---------

## In this documentation

* **Tutorial**: [Hands-on introduction to Chisel in 15 minutes](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/tutorial/getting-started/)
    
* **Using Chisel**: [Installation options](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/how-to/install-chisel/) • 
[Use Chisel in Dockerfile](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/how-to/use-chisel-in-dockerfile/) • 
[CLI reference](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/reference/cmd/) • 

> [chisel.yaml](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/reference/chisel-releases/chisel.yaml/) 

Author: I moved chisel.yaml to after chisel-releases.

    
* **Slices**: [Overview](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/explanation/slices/) • 
[Chisel releases](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/reference/chisel-releases/) • 
[Slice a package](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/how-to/slice-a-package/) • 
[Install Ubuntu Pro package slices](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/how-to/install-pro-package-slices/) • 
[Slice definitions](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/reference/chisel-releases/slice-definitions/)

---------

## How this documentation is organized

> This documentation uses the [Diátaxis documentation structure](https://diataxis.fr/).

Author: I have moved it to the bottom of the page.

- The [Tutorial](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/tutorial/getting-started/) takes you step-by-step 
through the creation of your first chiseled Ubuntu root file system, from installation to the slicing of Ubuntu 
packages.
- [How-to guides](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/how-to/) assume you have basic familiarity with 
Chisel. They cover tasks such as installation, slicing and usage of Chisel. 
- [Reference](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/reference/) provides a guide to CLI commands, 
chisel-releases and security details.

> - [Explanation](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/chisel/en/latest/explanation/) includes topic overviews, background 

Reviewer: can we use relative refs instead? One goal we have is to start versioning Chisel, which means these reference would then be absolute and potentially wrong, depending on the version of the docs you're reading

and context and detailed discussion.

---------

## Project and community

Chisel is a member of the Ubuntu family. It’s an open source project that warmly welcomes community contributions, 

> suggestions, fixes and constructive feedback.

Reviewer: nitpick: suggestions, fixes and feedback are already a form of contribution

### Get involved

* [Support](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1I94nnO1PHx16uKkuFJgDwb-Yl-trd2JhNkE3ELZ0Jvc/edit#)  
* <a href="https://matrix.to/#/#chisel:ubuntu.com">Online chat</a>
* [Contribute](https://github.com/canonical/chisel)
    
### Releases

> * [Release notes](https://github.com/canonical/chisel/releases)

Reviewer: here it's important to also mention chisel-releases. In fact, most external contributions will take place there.

Author: Added!

Thinking about using Chisel for your next project? <a href="https://canonical.com/#get-in-touch#">Get in touch!</a>

---------

> This documentation uses the [Diátaxis documentation structure](https://diataxis.fr/).

Reviewer: Thanks for being willing to try this out.

This looks good enough for now. But I'd like to find a better place for it still.

Just continue discussing the following on the side:
 - In the rockcraft docs, there's a special "docs contributions" page (https://documentation.ubuntu.com/rockcraft/stable/contribute-to-this-documentation/). Is that part of the template? If we're having one as well for Chisel, isn't that the obvious place to have this reference? TBC
